New Docs Site deployment structure info (#20)
RockefellerArchiveCenter/docs-guide: add-content.md

1. Create a new RAC GitHub repository for the documentation if one does not exist using the [docs-template](https://github.com/RockefellerArchiveCenter/docs-template) repository template. Contact an RAC employee with administrative access to the RAC GitHub to enable this action. See [Create a Repo](/docs-guide/using-github#create-a-repo).
2. Create a branch called `development` in the target repository.
3. Commit new content or changes to the `development` branch using short, descriptive commit messages that describe the changes like "add config values," "fix typo," or "change template text". Use this descriptive commit message instead of the default "update [file]" message provided in GitHub.

> 4. Review the changes on the RAC development server at docs.dev.rockarch.org.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Review the changes on the [RAC development site](docs.dev.rockarch.org).
```
